 Hello, ladies and gentlemen. My name is Alexander Ivánnikos. I'm head of the financial and economic department here at Gasprom PGAC. I'm happy to welcome you at our conference call to discuss financial and operating results of Gasprom Group under the IFRS for Q3 2021. Our conference call today is hosted by Chief Accountant, Mika Elvarsayev, Deputy Chairman of the Management Committee and also the representatives of key departments of Gasprom PGAC, Gasprom Maxp- and GaspromNet. The slide deck for the call is available on our website. Just as usual, let me direct your attention to an important disclaimer statement in slide 3, covering, among other things, forward-looking statements that may be announced on our call later today. So before we talk about the financial portion of today's presentation, let me share our sustainability success and highlights with you. Now, environment. In Q3, Gasprom entered into an arrangement with the Russian government to develop hydrogen energy and decabinize industry and transport based on natural gas. We have also completed the first phase of elaborating sustainable development scenarios through 2050. In social, I would like to highlight establishments of a few fitness and health facilities in St. Petersburg under the Gasprom for Children program. In terms of corporate governance, it's noteworthy that to implement our sustainability policy that has been previously approved, we have developed a roadmap of implementation which is now pending final approval. Also, I can't help mentioning that Gasprom's highlights in sustainable development achieved in 2020 and also permanent focus on improving the quality of information disclosure brought its fruit. Most of our easy ratings stepped up and improved, which you can see on the slide. Now, let's talk about the natural gas market situation in the reporting period. It's noteworthy that the situation in the European market in Q3 was meaningful and different to what we saw before. The strong prices have led to a certain reduction in demand for gas in Europe year and year. This reduction was mainly attributable to the reduction in the share of natural gas in power generation. Because of renewable energy supply disruptions, Europe had to step up the consumption of coal. However, this did not result in the reduction of gas prices because the prices were supported by Asian premium. In particular, the griddle of consumption of natural gas in China in Q3 was 13% and in nine months it was an excess of 20% year and year.